
#1
Hi, I am Minji Cha from team Fancy.

#2
Our team wanted to choose a project topic that we all agree with the importance.
As we are student, and we are interested in educational technology, we wanted to solve some problem in educational domain.

We thought current offline review notes had some drawbacks, so we designed a review note generate application.

#3
Before explaining our application’s feature, I would like to explain the current review note applications.

There are many applications in the App Store, but none of them have some special features.
Those applications have common feature to take picture and crop the problem area, and save the image.

#4
Like the screenshots, you can take a picture, and save them in the application.
This means, the application has no difference between a simple storage.
They don’t provide any function like camscanner or some functions to motivate the users to study harder.

#5
There was only one review note application which said they are using AI.
They were classificating correct and wrong numbers based on the paper that user already has scored.
It seemed like they are detecting the correct circle sign or wrong line sign.

#6
So our team decided to make a useful review note application
By adding features with AI.

These are the main features of our application.
Instead of making user to grade the questions and take a picture by their own,
We are going to automatically grade user’s problems, and create review note.
Also, we will add some features to support studying.

#7
I am going to simply explain the user flow, and how we will technically implement those features.

First, user takes a picutre of the problem and answer sheet.

#8
We are going to build a model that detects the problem area of the picture.
Then, we will detect the area of the user’s answer and the real answer, and grade it by comparing them using OCR.

#9
We have not searched for a specific model yet,
But we have considered some approaches to detect problem area.

First approach is to consider problem area as a object and use yolo
And second approach is fine tunning text localization model to detect a problem area.

#10
Because we can detect the area of the problem, we can easily generate the review note with the wrong questions.

After creating the review note, we are going to provide a special function to let student to solve the problem again.
We are going to re-generate the question by changing the variables.

#11
There are some apis to convert image to latex, and latex to json, so we think that it might be possible to extract information in the math expression.

This function may help student a lot because they can solve the same problem again and again with the different variables.

#12
This is our basic concept, but we think our topic can expand in many points.

We didn’t made a development plan yet, but after planning, if we have some time, we are going to implement the above features.
We will try to grade basic, easy problems without answer sheet.

Also, we will add features to encourage users to study. We didn’t decided the specific way, but I think we can use some gamification methods.

#13
Because our user should take pictures, we thought it might be better to make an application.
So we are going to use flutter to develop an application.

Also, we are going to develop a deep learning model using pytorch or tensorflow,
So we are going to use flask and python for our backend server.

#14
Finally, this is our Roles.
Two members will concentrate in implementing a deep learning model, and two members are going to develop applications.

#15
Thank you!
